    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
    |         ÎÎÎ          ÎÎÎ      ÎÎÎÎ        ÎÎÎÎ      ÎÎÎÎ           |
    |        ÎÛÛÛÎ        ÎÛÛÛÎ    ÎÛÛÛÛÎ      ÎÛÛÛÛÎ    ÎÛÛÛÛÎ          |
    |        ÎÛÛÛÛÎ      ÎÛÛÛÛÎ   ÎÛÛÎÎÛÛÎ    ÎÛÛÎÎÛÛÎ  ÎÛÛÎÎÛÛÎ         |
    |        ÎÛÛÎÛÛÎ    ÎÛÛÎÛÛÎ  ÎÛÛÎ  ÎÛÛÎ  ÎÛÛÎ  ÎÎ  ÎÛÛ   ÎÎ          |
    |        ÎÛÛÎÎÛÛÎ  ÎÛÛÎÎÛÛÎ ÎÛÛÎ    ÎÛÛÎ ÎÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÎ ÎÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÎ         |
    |        ÎÛÛÎ ÎÛÛÎÎÛÛÎ ÎÛÛÎ  ÎÛÛÎ  ÎÛÛÎ   ÎÎ  ÎÛÛÎ  ÎÎ  ÎÛÛÎ         |
    |        ÎÛÛÎ  ÎÛÛÛÛÎ  ÎÛÛÎ   ÎÛÛÎÎÛÛÎ   ÎÛÛÎÎÛÛÎ  ÎÛÛÎÎÛÛÎ          |
    |        ÎÛÛÎ   ÎÛÛÎ   ÎÛÛÎ    ÎÛÛÛÛÎ     ÎÛÛÛÛÎ    ÎÛÛÛÛÎ           |
    |         ÎÎ     ÎÎ     ÎÎ      ÎÎÎÎ       ÎÎÎÎ      ÎÎÎÎ            |
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                               By Tim Caswell
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  The legend of the Castle of Moss is not a widely known legend because few 
have went and survived to tell the tale.  Last week as you were in your local 
tavern drinking wine and telling tales of your latest battles you hear someone
running in yelling about some murder in the old Castle.  He goes to your table
and tells a you what happened.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  "...panting... I have just ran in from the old Moss Castle down by the lake. 
There has been ...panting... there has been a horrible crime commited there.
I was doing my normal job of standing guard at the gate checking anyone who 
enters into the Castle.  As the sun set a dark man with a red emerald in the 
hood of his cloak walked up silently.  He showed me a pass of enterance into
the castle. It was signed by my lord Bistmith. As he walked by I felt a chill 
run down my back.  I looked at him and saw a evil glow coming from his face. I
followed him inside and went into my room.  I had a great view of the interior 
of the castle.  I watched as he walked down the main hallway to Bistmith's
throne room.  I followed and as he closed the door I opened it a slit and 
peeked inside.  The dark man talked to Bistmith and offered him some bright 
gems from inside of his cloak.  My lord refused and told him to leave.  The
dark man was enraged and started walking out of the room.  I hid behind a 
column and waited for him to pass by.  He never did.  Then suddenly I heard a
shriek of pain come from the room and then silence.  I rushed in to the room
to see lord Bistmuth's charred remains on the ground. The dark man rushed 
and looked at me with his now brightly glowing eyes. I turned and ran out the 
front gate.  As I looked behind me I saw a bright ball of fire coming after me
and I fell to the ground.  A tree ahead of me exploded into flames and fell 
over.  I kept on running and I am now here..."  
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Suddenly a ball of fire blast into the room and the guard falls to the
ground.  You hear his last words "please revenge my lords death by catching 
this man of evil ..."  You vow to find this powerful sorcerer and destroy him!
------------------------------------------------------------------------------


